---
title: Love Story
date: 2020-06-18 14:23:00 +10:00
---

Clayton and Shannon met properly for the first time in the pool. Of all the places Clayton could meet someone, it ended up being while swimming. Well, teaching it. Shannon and Clayton formed a strong connection as they taught side by side, slowly developing a strong friendship. Laughing together, teaching together and having so much fun. When Shannon asked Clayton to lunch with some friends, he was so nervous. He had never felt this nervous before about anything. Every detail of this story is too much to go into here, but shortly after hanging out a few more times; coffee and cake which ended with Shannon paying (whoops); dancing together at “The Ranch”, Shannon the last of everyone to notice that Clayton liked her; coincidentally going to the same place in the city and finally awkwardly asking Shannon to be Clayton’s girlfriend in the most awkwardly Clayton way possibly (but hey, it worked). Their friendship only grew stronger and within a few months they were going on holidays together, sharing special moments and creating important and loving memories. 

The most special being their trip to England. Clayton’s first trip overseas and he asks a girl to marry him. It was especially wet that day and the rocky beaches of Brighton were looking more like a cup of tea than a beach. They headed to Brighton pier and won some great Brighton souvenirs. Shannon was cold and wet and ready to go to lunch, but Clayton had one more prize in store, saying to Shannon, “We need to see the end of Brighton Pier, it’s just one of those things to say you’ve done it”. Hesitantly, Shannon agreed. Hands shaking, cold, wind gusts blasting tea water in our faces, Clayton nervously asked the four words, “Will you marry me?” Never had Shannon been so shocked, even though she had seen the ring box in my pocket and asked all about it earlier that morning. 

Our story of love is only just beginning. Some beautiful memories, experiences and time spent to start a wonderful life together as husband and wife.
